/26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com CLOSE Sapphire Reserve for BusinessSM Credit Card Credit Cards home Offer Details SAPPHIRE RESERVE The Sapphire Reserve for BusinessSM card Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. OUR BEST OFFER RETURNS The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus eligibility. 200,000 Earn 150,000 points New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases durinagf ttehre y fiorus ts p6e mndo n$t3h0s, 0fr0o0m o na cpcuorucnhta osepse ninin ygo. uArf tfierrs qt u6 amlifoyninthg,s pfrleoamse a acclloouwn 6t otop e8n winege.k * s for bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account $4,000 $3,000 must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authvoarilzueed o uf s2e0r0, ,u0s0e0 ap coainrdts t foo rm saekleec pturchases of produicnts a annndu asle vrvailcuees .t hHroowugehve trr,a tvheel and followfliinghg ttsy apneds ohfo ttrealsn sthacrotiuognhs wChoans te count as purchases: balanceb utrsainnesfsesr bs,e cnaesfiht sadvances, cash-like transacTtiroanvse liSnMc*luding, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions lottery tickets , ca s$ino 7gam,0ing 0chip0s, r ace track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, ainn yv aclhueec ykosu trh afitr satc yceeassr your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Sign in to apply faster Apply as a guest Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points $795 annual fee Employee Cards at no additional cost* Boost offers give you the opportunity tAo P aeyn inh aFunllc cere tdhit eca vrda*lue of your points when booking through Chase Travel—up to 2x dep*O e ff n e d r i D n e g ta o ils n y P o ri u cin r g c & a r T d er m an s d the offer. Points earned with your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card. We may also consider factors Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost pertinent to your business in determining your bonus eligibility.
 promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Sapphire Reserve for BusinessSM Apply Now Points Boost Ctaregd aitn Cda rrodcket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed *Offer Details Pricing & Terms periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com CLOSE SapphirFe Rueseervle yforo Buusirne sbsSM u Csredinit Cearsd s, maximize your rewards Offer Details 8x points on all purchases through Chase TravelSM, including The EditSM* Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the 5x total points on Lyft rides through /27* method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus 4x points on flights & hotels booked direct* eligibility. New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases d3urxing p thoe fiirnst t6s months from account opening. oAnf tseor cqiaula mlifeydiniag ,& p lseeaasrec ha lelonwg in6 eto 8 weeks for advertising* bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an a 1 u x th o p riz o ed i n use t r s , use a card to make purchases oof np raolld outchtesr a pnudr csheravsieces*s. However, the following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline Travel Benefits and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if $300 annual travel credit applicable. You have the freedom to take your business anywhere with the most flexible travel credit available.
 Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points Receive up to $300 in statement credits each anniversary year.* Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with Purchases that qualify will not earn points. your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost $250 credit for select Chase Travel Hotels promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on seGleectt uapir tloin $e2 5ti0c kine tssta atenmde hnot tcerel daictsc othmromugohd 1a2ti/o31n/s2.6 P oonin ptrse pBaoido sCth oasffee Trrsa averle h iontdeil cbaotoekdin bgys ftohre stays with IHG Hotels & Resorts, Montage Hotels & Resorts, Pendry Hotels & Resorts, Omni Hotels & Resorts, Points Boost tag and rocket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed Virgin Hotels, Minor Hotels, and Pan Pacific Hotels and Resorts.* periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see Two-night minimum required. Purchases that qualify will not earn points.
 within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com $850 in value with the Chase Sapphire Reserve Lounge NetworkSM* CLOSE SaEpnpjohyi croem Rpelismeernvtea rfyo arc Bceusss itnoe CshsaSsMe CSraepdpihti rCea Lrodunge by The Club and 1,300 Priority PassTM airport lounges worldwide with up to two guests - valued at over $850 when you and your guests visit multiple times each year.* OffePrlea sDe neotet, tahei Slaspphire Lounge and Priority Pass Select benefits are not available for Employee Cardmembers. However, employees may access the lounges as guests of the Primary Cardmember.
 $500 credit for stays with The Edit Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and Our handpicked collection of hotels and resorts. Get up to $500 in automatic statement credits annually can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the for bookings made with The Edit, with a maximum of $250 per transaction.* method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. Two-night minimum required. Purchases that qualify will not earn points.
 The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus eligibility. $550 in value when you stay with The Edit Book your stay through The Edit by Chase Travel and receive complimentary benefits such as a New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases property credit, daily breakfast for two, a room upgrade (if available) and more - an average total value during the first 6 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for of over $550 per stay.* bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an $120 Global Entry or TSA PreCheck or NEXUS fee credit authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, Receive one statement credit of up to $120 every four years as reimbursement for the application fee cash-like transactions including, but ncohta lrigmeidt etod ytoou: rt rcaavrde.l*ers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions IlHotGte ry Oticnkeet sR, ceawsinaor dgasm Pinlag tcihnipus,m ra cEel ittraec ks twaatguerss, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding Get complimentary IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status with your Sapphire Reserve for Business transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, card through /27.* unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Please note this benefit is not available for Employee Cardmembers.
 Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Points Boost tag and rocket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com CLOSE Sapphire Reserve for BusinessSM Credit Card Offer Details Offers may vary dependinBg oun wsheirne yeous aspp lBy, feorn exeamfipltes online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. $200 Google Workspace credit The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus Get business tools that fuel innovation with Google Workspace. Tackle your biggest challenges and eligibility. accelerate growth with a suite of easy-to-use tools for work. Get Google AI in Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Meet, NotebookLM and more, and earn up to $200 in annual statement credits on purchases made New Cardmember Bonus – 200,0d0ir0e cPtloy ionnt sG:o Toogl eq uWaolrifkys,p yaoceu. *must make $30,000 in purchases during the first 6 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account $400 ZipRecruiter credit must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an au4t hooutr iozfe 5d eumspelro, yuesrse wah coa prdos tto o nm ZaipkRee pcruurictehra gseets a o qfu parliotyd cuacntdsi daanted isne 1r vdiacye.s F.i nHdo ywoeuvrse ar,n tdh eenjoy up to $400 in annual statement credits on purchases made directly with ZipRecruiter.
 following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money You'll earn up to $200 in statement credits January through June and up to $200 in statement credits orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other July through December.* similar transactions lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding $120 Lyft credit transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if Lyft members get access to up to $10 in monthly in-app credits, up to $120 annually, to use on rides applicable. through /27.* Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points $420 DoorDash value Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with From ordering your team takeout to restocking your supplies, enjoy exclusive benefits from DoorDash.
 your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your $120 DashPass membership Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost Get complimentary DashPass membership, a $120 value for 12 months. Enjoy $0 delivery fees and promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on reduced service fees on eligible DoorDash orders when you activate by /27.* select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Points Boost tag and rocket icon. Poi$n3t0s0 B DoooosrtD oaffshe rpsr oamreo psromotional and are refreshed DashPass members get up to $25 each month to spend on DoorDash, which includes a $5 monthly periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 promo to spend on restaurant orders* and two $10 promos each month to save on groceries, retail Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see orders, and more. Available through /27.* within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com $100 curated gift card credit CLOSE SapEparhni ruep Rtoe $s1e0r0v ep efro yre Baru insi snteatsesm SM en Ct rcereddiitt sC wahredn you purchase gift cards from a curated collection on giftcards.com/reservebusiness. You'll earn up to $50 in statement credits January through June and up to $50 July through December.* Offer Details Explore additional benefits Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. The newU cnarlodcmke tmopb-etire br obneunse fimtasy not be available to you if you have ever had this car d.
 We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus e Sp li e g n ib d i $ li 1 t 2 y 0 . ,000 each calendar year and unlock status and credits* with leading travel and shopping brands. The benefits will be available for the remainder of the New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases year in which they were earned and through the following year. during the first 6 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for – World of Hyatt Explorist status* bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account m– Uups tt ob $e5 o0p0 einn s atantdem neontt icnr eddeitfsa fuolrt Taht et hSheo tpims aet oCfh afuselfi*llment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the – IHG One Rewards Diamond Elite status* following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, c–a Usph -tolik $e5 0tr0a inn ssatactteiomnesn tin ccreludditisn fgo,r bSuout tnhowte lsitm Aiitrelinde tso fl: itgrhatvs ebloeorkse cdh tehcrkosu,g fho Crehiagsne Tcruarvreel* ncy, money o – r S d o e u r th s, w w es ir t e A tr ir a li n n s e f s e R rs a , p c id ry R p e t w oc a u rd rr s e A n - c L y is , t o s t t h a e tu r s s*imilar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, Premium travel features unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Access our award-winning lounges UWph ettoh e2rX y ooun'r eS eloloekcitn gF lfiogrh ptrse -aflingdht Hprootdeulcst itvhitryo our gtihm eC htoa rsees tT arnadv reelc hwairtghe ,P eonijonyt sa cBceososs tto: oPuori ngrtoswing BChoaosset Soaffpeprhsir eg iLvoeu ynogue t hbye Tohpep Colurbtu nneittwy otork ,e nnahmaendc eB etshte C vreadluite C aorfd y Loouurn pgeo iNnettsw worhke inn 2b0o2o6k biny gThe Points Guy - with two complimentary guests.* through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your Plus, work uninterrupted around the world with access to 1,300 airport lounges with your complimentary UPrlitoimritay tPea Rsse w Saerledcst mAgermebeemrsehnipt .- Twhitaht tmwoe aconms p1l0im0 epnotainryt sg uaerset sw.*orth $1, but with a Points Boost promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on And get access to select Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges and Air Canada Cafés in the U.S., Canada and select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Europe with an eligible departing same day boarding pass on any Star Alliance member airline - with one Pcoominptlsim Beonotasrty t aguge asnt.*d rocket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 Please note, the Sapphire Lounge, Priority Pass Select, Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges and Air Canada Café Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see benefits are not available for Employee Cardmembers. However, employees may access the lounges as guests of within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector the Primary Cardmember. https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite Status Get complimentary IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status with your Sapphire Reserve for Business card CLOSE Stharpopughhi r1e2 /R3e1/s2e7r.*ve for BusinessSM Credit Card Please note this benefit is not available for Employee Cardmembers 1:1 Point Transfer Offer Details Enjoy a 1:1 points transfer to leading hotel and airline loyalty programs. You're covered with built-in benefits. Guide to Benefits. (See your travel and purchase protection details) Auto Rental Coverage Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and Decline the rental company s collision insurance and charge the entire rental cost to your card. Coverage is can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the primary when renting for business purposes and provides reimbursement up to $75,000 for theft and method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. collision damage for most rental vehicles in the U.S. and abroad.Δ, ΔΔ The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 Baggage Delay Insurance We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus Reimburses you up to $100 a day for up to 5 days for essential purchases like toiletries and clothing when e b l a i g g g i a b g il e i t is y d . elayed over 6 hours.Δ Emergency Evacuation and Transportation New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases If you or a covered traveler are injured or become sick during a trip 100 miles or more from home that during the first 6 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for results in an emergency evacuation, you can be covered for medical services and transportation up to bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account $100,000.Δ must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an Emergency Medical and Dental authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the If you or an immediate family member become sick or injured while you re 100 miles or more from home following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, on a trip, you can be reimbursed up to $2,500 for medical expenses, subject to a $50 deductible.Δ cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money oLordste Lrsu,g wgairgee tRreainmsbfeurrss,e cmryepnttocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other sPirmovilidaer st rraeinmsbaucrtsioemnse n lto uttpe troy $t3ic,0k0e0ts p, ecra csoinveor egda mtraivnegle crh foiprs t,h rea ccoes tt rtao crke pwaairg oerr rse, polarc sei mchielackr eodffl oirne carry-on baggage that is lost, damaged or stolen during a covered trip.Δ, ΔΔ and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, No Foreign Transaction Fees uYonua uwtilhl opariyz enod foorr efirganu tdraunlesanctt icohna fregees sw, haennd y foeue uss oe fy aonury ckairndd f,o irn pculurcdhiansge sa nm aadnen ouuatls fideee ,o iff the United aStpaptelisc.a ble. Roadside Assistance Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points If you have a roadside emergency, you can call for a tow, battery assistance, tire change, locksmith or gas.
 Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking You re covered up to $50 per incident 4 times a year.Δ through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with yTorauvre cl aArcdc iadreen tw Ionrstuhr a$n0c.e01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your UWlhtiemn aytoeu Rpeayw faorrd yso uArg arier,e bmues,n ttr.a iTnh oart c mrueisaen tsra 1n0sp0o prtoaitniotns awriteh wyoourrt hca $rd1,, ybouut awreit ehl igai bPloe itnot rse Bceoivoes tup to $1,000,000 in accidental death or dismemberment coverage.Δ promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on sTeralevcetl aainrdli nEem teicrgkeentsc ya nAsds ihsotatenlc eaccommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the PIfo yionut sr uBno iontsot ata pgr oabnledm r owchkielet tircaovnel.i nPgo ainwtasy B froooms th oomffeer, sth aisr eb epnreofimt portoiovindaesl alengdal aarned rmeferdeicsahl erdeferrals panedri oacdciecsasl ltyo. oOthffeerr tsr amvealy a nchd aenmgeer gwenitchy tahsesi srteafnrcees hse. rTvricaevse. l( Yionuv ewniltl obrey r iess psuonbsjeibclet tfoor a tvhae iclaobsti loitfy a.ny goods or services obtained.)Δ Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector Trip Cancellation and Interruption Insurance https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com If your trip is canceled or cut short by sickness, severe weather or other covered situations, you can be reimbursed up to $10,000 per covered traveler and $20,000 per trip for your pre-paid, non-refundable CLOSE Straapvepl heixrpee nRseess,e irnvcleu dfoinrg BpuasssiennegsesrS fMar Cesr,e tdouitr sC, aanrdd hotels.Δ Trip Delay Reimbursement If your common carrier travel is delayed more than 6 hours or requires an overnight stay, you are covered for unreimbursed expenses, such as meals and lodging, up to $500 per covered traveler.Δ Offer Details Car Rental Benefits Use your Chase Visa Infinite card to unlock special car rental benefits.* OAvffise: rUsp m toa 3y0 v%a orffy bdaespe erantdesin ogn oquna wlifyhinegr ere ynotauls a opnp alnyy, sfoizre ecaxra amt opvleer o5,n00li0n leo coarti oinn sa w borraldnwcidhe,. and Automatic enrollment into Preferred Plus, free weekend rentals and up to 10% off base rates on Select can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the Series. method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. Hertz: Visa Infinite cardholders who are enrolled in Hertz Gold Plus Rewards can unlock additional car The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 rental privileges with Hertz. Enjoy special savings, faster service, extra hours on returns for U.S. rentals and We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus Hertz Gold Plus Rewards bonus points. eligibility. National: Up to 25% on qualifying rentals at participating locations (U.S., Canada, Latin America and Caribbean) and a complimentary Emerald Club Executive level membership. Eligible for free weekend day New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases and one-class upgrade. during the first 6 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for b Δ Tornavuesl Atond p Pousrct htaos ey Poruorte actcicoon:u Tnhet.s eT boe nbeefi tes laigrei bavleai lfaoblre twhhiesn b yooun uusse oyoffuer cra, rydo. Ruers tcrircetiodnits , cliamritda taiocncs oanudnt exclusions apply. Most benefits are provided by unaffiliated companies who are solely responsible for the administration and must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an claims. There are specific time limits and documentation requirements. For full coverage details, cardmembers can refer to athuetirh Gouridizee tdo Buesneefirt,s u, psreo vaid ecda radfte tro a cmcoaunkte o ppeunrincgh, aors ceasll tohfe pnuromdbeurc otns tahen bda cske orfv tihceeirs c. aHrdo fwore avsseisrt,a tnhcee.
 following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, ΔΔ Specific limitations apply to New York residents: Auto Rental Coverage – inside the United States coverage is cseacsohnd-laikrye t ot ryaounrs paecrtsioonnals a uintocmluodbiilne gin,s buruant cne.o Lto lsitm Luitgegdag teo R: etirmabvuerlseermse cnht e– cadkdsi,t ifoonraellyi glimn icteudr troe $n2c,0y0,0 m peor nbaegy and $10,000 for all covered travelers per trip. orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, Account management unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Build your business credit As your business grows, you'll need access to more capital. With a business credit card, your business Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points builds its own credit history. Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking tEhmropluogyhe eC thraasvee lTravel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with yInocurera csaerdd v aisribei lwityo irnttho $em0.p0l1o yeeaec thra wvehl e&n a rcecedleereamteedd e athrnr ooung thhe Cirh sapseen dT rvaiav Cehl, aasse oTruatvlienl.ed in your Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost Enjoy peace of mind promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on Chase helps keep your accounts safe with account alerts. Choose the alerts you want and how you'd like to sreecleeicvte a tihrelimne.* tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Points Boost tag and rocket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed Employee cards at no additional cost periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 Employee cards let you set individual spending limits and help you earn rewards even faster.* Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see wGeitth iinnsisgehatrsc ihntroe syuoultrs baunsdinaetsscheckout are based on the card you choose in the card selector https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business gives you access to view account details, quarterly reports, up to 24 months of statement details, and more. CLOSE Sapphire Reserve for BusinessSM Credit Card Manage your cash flow Make payments using a business credit card to hold onto your money longer. Separate business and personal expenses Offer Details Easily track expenses and maintain records for tax reporting and other business needs. Integrate your credit card with bookkeeping software to simplify accounting. access to Customer Service Specialists OCoffuenrt so nm 2a4y/7 v aacrcyes ds etop ae ndeddinicgat eodn c wushtoemree ry soeurv iacpe psplye,c ifaolirs te frxoamm apnlyew ohnerlein ine tohre iwno arl db.ranch, and can change over time. To take advantage of this particular offer now, apply through the method provided in this advertisement. Review offer details before you apply. The newP ucarcrhdamseem Prboetre bcotinouns may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus eligibility. You're covered with built-in benefits. Guide to Benefits. (See your travel and purchase protection details) Purchase Protection New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases Covers your eligible new purchases for 120 days from the date of purchase against damage or theft up to during the first 6 months from account opening. After qualifying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for $10,000 per item.Δ, ΔΔ bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account mReutustr nb eP roopteecnt iaonnd not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an aYouuth coarni zbeed r euimsebru, russeed fao rc aerlidgi btole miteamkse tphuatr cthhea ssteosr eo wf opnro't daucccetpst a wnitdh isne 9r0v idceayss. Hofo pwuercvhears,e t,h uep to $500 per item, $1,000 per 12-month period.Δ following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cCahsiph--elinkaeb tlreadn fsoarc etniohnasn icnecdl usedcinugri,t byut not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money oYordu ellr csa, rwryi rae c trreadnits cfaerrds w, citrhy panto ecmubrreedndceyd, cohtihp ethr asti mpriolavird desig eitnahla onrc evdir stuecaul rcituyr arnedn cwyid aenr da cocethpetarnce swimheinla yro tur amnaskaec ptiuornchsa sloetst aetr ych tiipc-keentasb, lcead scianrod greaamdeinrsg i nc hthipes U, .rSa. caen dtr aabcrko awda.gers, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding Cell Phone Protection transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, Get up to $1,000 per claim in cell phone protection against covered theft or damage for cell phones listed uonn ayuouthr omroiznethdl yo cre flrl apuhodnuele bniltl wchhaenrg yeosu, paanyd i tf eweitsh oyfo uarn eyl ikgiibnlde, c irnecdliut dcainrdg. aMna xainmnuuma lo ff e3e c,l aifims in a 12- ampopnltihca pbelreio.d with a $100 deductible per claim.Δ Fraud Monitoring Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points We help safeguard your credit card purchases using sophisticated fraud monitoring. We monitor for fraud Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking and can text, email or call you if there are unusual purchases on your credit card.* through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with yZoeruor lciaabrdili tayr ep rwooterctthi o$n0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your UYoltuim waonte t Rbee whealrdd rse sApgorneseibmlee fnotr. u Tnhaautt hmoreizaends c 1h0ar0g peso minatsd ea wreit hw yooruthr c$a1rd, bour ta cwcoituhn at iPnfooirnmtsa tBioono. sIft you see an unauthorized charge, simply call the number on the back of your card.* promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Extended Warranty Protection PExotienntdss B toheo stitm tea gp earniodd roof ctkhee tm icaonnu.f aPcotuinretrs' sB Uo.oS.s wt aorffraenrtsy abrye a pnr aodmdiotitoinoanl ayle aarn, do na reeli griebfler ewsahreradnties of ptherreieo dyeicaarsll yo.r Oleffsse, rusp m toa fyo ucrh yaenagrse fwroimth tthhee d raetefr oefs phu. rTcrhaavsee.lΔ inventory is subject to availability.
 Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see Δ Travel And Purchase Protection: These benefits are available when you use your card. Restrictions, limitations and wexictlhusiinonsse aaprpclyh. Mroesstu bletnseafitns darea tprcohviedcedk obyu utnaarffieliabteads ecodmopannitehs ewhcoa ardre ysooleulyc rhesopoonsseibilne ftohr ethec aadrmdisniestlreactitoonr and https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX /26, 2:13 PM Sapphire Reserve for Business Credit Card Chase.com claims. There are specific time limits and documentation requirements. For full coverage details, cardmembers can refer to their Guide to Benefits, provided after account opening, or call the number on the back of their card for assistance.
 CLOSE Sapphire Reserve for BusinessSM Credit Card ΔΔ Specific limitations apply to New York residents: Purchase Protection – coverage period is 90 days from the date of purchase. Offer Details Card Features A Pay in Full card with built-in flexibility when you need it Offers may vary depending on where you apply, for example online or in a branch, and Get the buying power you need to make large purchases, cover unexpected expenses and help ycoaunr bcuhsainnegsse gorovwer. Ytoimur eS.a Tppoh tiraek Ree saedrvvea nfotra Bgues ionef stsh ciasr dp acormticeus lbauril to wffitehr tnwoo ww,a yasp tpol ayc tchesrsough the ymouert chreoddit plirnoe v- iPdaeyd in i nFu tllh ainsd a Fdlevxe frotri sBeumsineensts.. WRehvileie ywou o mffuesrt pdaeyt yaoilusr bPaeyf oinr eFu yllo bua laanpcpely.
 each month, your Flex for Business balance can be paid over time with interest.* The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card.
 YWouer mpuarcyh aaslseos wciolln asuitdoemra tfiacacltlyo brse pineclrutdinede nint y toou ry Foleuxr fboru Bsuinsiensess si nb adlaentceer umnitnil iynogu ryeoauchr ibtsonus limit. After that, any additional purchases will be charged to your Pay in Full balance.
 eligibility. Visa Infinite Concierge New Cardmember Bonus – 200,000 Points: To qualify, you must make $30,000 in purchases Spend quality time with your clients without spending hours booking dining, entertainment, and tdrauvreiln. g24 t/h7e a sfisrisstta 6n cme ofrnotmh sV ifsrao Imnfi naictceo Cuonntc ioerpgeen isin agt .y Aofutre sre qrvuicaeli.*fying, please allow 6 to 8 weeks for bonus to post to your account. To be eligible for this bonus offer, your credit card account must be open and not in default at the time of fulfillment. Purchases are when you, or an authorized user, use a card to make purchases of products and services. However, the following types of transactions won t count as purchases: balance transfers, cash advances, cash-like transactions including, but not limited to: travelers checks, foreign currency, money orders, wire transfers, cryptocurrency, other similar digital or virtual currency and other similar transactions lottery tickets, casino gaming chips, race track wagers, or similar offline and online betting transactions person-to-person money transfers and account-funding transactions that transfer currency, any checks that access your account, interest, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, and fees of any kind, including an annual fee, if applicable. Up to 2X on Select Flights and Hotels through Chase Travel with Points Boost: Points Boost offers give you the opportunity to enhance the value of your points when booking through Chase Travel—up to 2x depending on your card and the offer. Points earned with your card are worth $0.01 each when redeemed through Chase Travel, as outlined in your Ultimate Rewards Agreement. That means 100 points are worth $1, but with a Points Boost promotion 100 points could be worth up to $2. We may offer Points Boost promotions on select airline tickets and hotel accommodations. Points Boost offers are indicated by the Points Boost tag and rocket icon. Points Boost offers are promotional and are refreshed periodically. Offers may change with the refresh. Travel inventory is subject to availability.
 Please note: Points Boost promotions differ by card. The Points Boost promotions you see within search results and at checkout are based on the card you choose in the card selector https://creditcards.chase.com/business-credit-cards/sapphire/reserve CELL 6TKX