PRICING INFORMATION
INTEREST RATES AND INTEREST CHARGES
Purchase Annual
Percentage Rate (APR)19.24% to 27.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors.
These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
My Chase LoanSM APR19.24% to 27.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors. These
APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Promotional offers with fixed APRs and varying durations may be available from
time to time on some accounts.
Balance Transfer APR 19.24% to 27.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors. These
APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a
Cash Advance APR 28.49%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.b
Penalty APR and When
It AppliesUp to 29.99%. This APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.c
We may apply the Penalty APR to your account if you:
fail to make a Minimum Payment by the date and time that it is due; or
make a payment to us that is returned unpaid.
How Long Will the Penalty APR Apply?: If we apply the Penalty APR for
either of these reasons, the Penalty APR could potentially remain in effect
indefinitely.
How to Avoid Paying
Interest on PurchasesYour due date will be a minimum of 21 days after the close of each billing cycle.
We will not charge you interest on new purchases if you pay your entire balance
or Interest Saving Balance by the due date each month. We will begin charging
interest on balance transfers and cash advances on the transaction date.
Minimum Interest
ChargeNone
Credit Card Tips from
the Consumer Financial
Protection BureauTo learn more about factors to consider when applying for or using a credit card,
visit the website of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/learnmore.
FEES
Annual Membership
Fee$95
Chase Pay Over TimeSM
Fee (formerly My Chase
Plan® Fee; a fixed
finance charge)Monthly fee of up to 1.72% of the amount of each eligible purchase transaction
or amount you select to pay over time with no interest, just a fixed monthly fee.
Promotional offers with lower monthly Chase Pay Over Time fees may be
available from time to time on some accounts.
The monthly Chase Pay Over Time fee will be determined each time a fee-
based plan is created and will remain the same until the plan balance is paid in
full.d
Transaction Fees
Balance Transfers Either $5 or 5% of the amount of each transfer, whichever is greater.
Cash Advances Either $10 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.
Foreign Transactions None
Penalty Fees
Late Payment Up to $40.7/19/26, 9:02 PM Pricing and Terms
https://sites.chase.com/services/creatives/pricingandterms.html/content/dam/pricingandterms/LGC64736.html 1/4Return Payment Up to $40.
Return Check None
Note: This account may not be eligible for balance transfers.
How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the daily balance method (including new transactions).
Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 6.75% Prime Rate as of 3/24/2026.
aWe add 12.49% to 20.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Purchase/My Chase Loan/Balance Transfer
APR. Maximum APR 29.99%.
bWe add 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Cash Advance APR. Maximum APR 29.99%.
cWe add up to 26.99% to the Prime Rate to determine the Penalty APR. Maximum APR 29.99%.
dChase Pay Over Time Fee. The Chase Pay Over Time Fee (formerly called the My Chase Plan Fee) is
calculated at the time each plan is created, and is based on the amount of each purchase transaction or
account balance selected to create the plan, the number of billing periods over which you choose to pay the
balance in full, and other factors. The monthly and aggregate dollar amount of your Chase Pay Over Time Fee
will be disclosed during the activation of each plan. Chase Pay Over Time plan balances that have a Chase Pay
Over Time Fee will not be subject to interest after plan activation.
MILITARY LENDING ACT NOTICE: Federal law provides important protections to members of the Armed
Forces and their dependents relating to extensions of consumer credit. In general, the cost of consumer credit
to a member of the Armed Forces and his or her dependent may not exceed an annual percentage rate of 36
percent. This rate must include, as applicable to the credit transaction or account: the costs associated with
credit insurance premiums; fees for ancillary products sold in connection with the credit transaction; any
application fee charged (other than certain application fees for specified credit transactions or accounts); and
any participation fee charged (other than certain participation fees for a credit card account). To receive this
information and a description of your payment obligation verbally, please call 1-800-235-9978.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Authorization: When you respond to this credit card offer from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Member FDIC, a
subsidiary of JPMorgan Chase & Co. ("Chase", "we", or "us"), you agree to the following:
1. You authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports, employment, and income information about you that we
will use when considering your application for credit. We may obtain and use information about your
accounts with us and others such as Checking, Deposit, Investment, and Utility accounts from credit
bureaus and other entities. You also authorize us to obtain credit bureau reports and any other
information about you in connection with: 1) extensions of credit on your account; 2) the administration,
review or collection of your account; and 3) offering you enhanced or additional products and services. If
you ask, we will tell you the name and address of the credit bureau from which we obtained a report
about you.
2. If an account is opened, you will receive a Cardmember Agreement with your card(s). You agree to the
terms of this agreement by: using the account or any card, authorizing their use, or making any payment
on the account.
3. By providing your mobile phone number, you are giving permission to be contacted at that number about
all of your accounts by JPMorgan Chase and companies working on its behalf. Your consent allows the
use of text messages, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and automatic dialing technology for
informational and account servicing, but not for sales or telemarketing. Message and data rates may
apply.7/19/26, 9:02 PM Pricing and Terms
https://sites.chase.com/services/creatives/pricingandterms.html/content/dam/pricingandterms/LGC64736.html 2/44. Balance transfers will be applied to your account and sent to your designated payee(s) 10 days after we
mail your new credit card. If you want to cancel or modify your balance transfer within this ten-day period
and have received your credit card, please call the number on the back of your card. Otherwise, please
call 1-888-338-9464. Please continue to make payments to your other account(s) until you know the
balance has been paid.
5. Rates, fees, and terms may change: We have the right to change the account terms (including the
APRs) in accordance with your Cardmember Agreement.
Before we approve you for a credit card, we will review your credit report and the information you provide with
your response to confirm that you meet the criteria for this offer. Based on this review, you may receive a card
with different costs or you may not receive a card.
You must be at least 18 years old to qualify (19 in AL and NE, 21 in Puerto Rico). An applicant, if married, may
apply for a separate account.
We reserve the right to change the benefit features associated with your card at any time.
New York Residents: New York residents may contact the New York State Department of Financial Services at
1-800-342-3736 or go to www.dfs.ny.gov to obtain a comparative list of credit card rates, fees, and grace
periods.
Ohio Residents: The Ohio laws against discrimination require that all creditors make credit equally available to
all credit worthy customers, and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on each
individual upon request. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers compliance with this law.
Notice to Married Wisconsin Residents: No provision of any marital property agreement, unilateral statement
or court order applying to marital property will adversely affect a creditor's interests unless the creditor, prior to
the time the credit is granted, is furnished a copy of the agreement, statement or decree, or has actual
knowledge of the adverse provision when the obligation to the creditor is incurred. Obligations on this account
will be incurred in the interest of your marriage or family. You understand that we may be required to give notice
of this account to your spouse. Married Wisconsin residents must furnish their (the applicant's) name and
social security number as well as the name and address of their spouse to Cardmember Service at P.O.
Box 15366, Wilmington, DE 19850-5366.
Balance Transfer Option
Balance transfers are contingent upon issuance of your account with us.
The total amount of your request(s) including fees and interest charges cannot exceed your available
credit or $15,000, whichever is lower.
We will not process any balance transfer requests that are from any other account or loan that we
(JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Member FDIC) or any of our affiliates issued.
Balance transfers are subject to the transaction fee shown in the enclosed "Pricing Information."
We will evaluate your balance transfer requests in the order listed on your response. If your request(s)
exceeds the amount that we approve, we may either decline the request or send less than the full amount
requested to your designated payee.
Each transfer will reduce your available credit just like any other transaction. You will see a payment for
the amount transferred on the statement from your other accounts. It may take up to three weeks to set
up your new account with us and process the balance transfer(s), so you may still need to make
payments to your other accounts to keep them current.
Affiliate Information Sharing: We and our affiliates may share information about you among affiliates in
order to offer products and services of interest to you. If you would prefer that we do not share
information from your application, credit bureaus or third parties, please call us at 1-888-868-8618. For
more information about our information handling policies, visit us on the web at
http://www.chase.com/privacypolicy.7/19/26, 9:02 PM Pricing and Terms
https://sites.chase.com/services/creatives/pricingandterms.html/content/dam/pricingandterms/LGC64736.html 3/4Replying to this offer: If you omit any information on the form, we may deny your request for an account.
Chase cardmembers who currently have or have had a Chase credit card in any Rewards Program associated
with this offer, may not be eligible for a second Chase credit card in the same Rewards Program. Chase
cardmembers currently receiving promotional pricing, or Chase cardmembers with a history of only using their
current or prior Chase card for promotional pricing offers, are not eligible for a second Chase credit card with
promotional pricing. You must have a valid permanent home address within the 50 United States, the District of
Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, or the US Virgin Islands, or have a United States military address. The
information about the costs of the card described in this form is accurate as of 3/24/2026. This information may
have changed after that date. To find out what may have changed, write to us at Cardmember Service, P.O. Box
15043, Wilmington, DE 19850-5043.
USA PATRIOT Act: Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that
identifies each person who opens an account. We require the following information or documents as a condition
to your opening an account: your name, residential address, date of birth, Social Security number, driver's
license or other identifying documents.7/19/26, 9:02 PM Pricing and Terms
https://sites.chase.com/services/creatives/pricingandterms.html/content/dam/pricingandterms/LGC64736.html 4/4