Sapphire Reserve:
    Card type: Travel cards 

    - OUR BEST OFFER RETURNS:
        Earn 200,000 points after you spend $30,000 on purchases in your first 6 months from account opening.

    - $4,000 value of 200,000 points for select flights and hotels through Chase Travel + $3,000+ in annual value opens overlay through travel and business benefits = $7,000+ in value your first year

    - $795 annual fee†Opens pricing and terms in new window; Employee Cards at no additional cost 
    - A Pay in Full credit card
    - The new cardmember bonus may not be available to you if you have ever had this card. We may also consider factors pertinent to your business in determining your bonus eligibility.

    Fuel your business, maximize your rewards: 
        8x points: 
            - on all purchases through Chase TravelSM, including The Edit

        5x total points: 
            - on Lyft rides through 9/30/27

        4x points: 
            - on flights & hotels booked direct

        3x points: 
            - on social media & search engine advertising

        1x points: 
            on all other purchases
    
    Travel Benefits: 
        $300 annual travel credit: 
            - You have the freedom to take your business anywhere with the most flexible travel credit available. Receive up to $300 in statement credits each anniversary year.
            - Purchases that qualify will not earn points.

        $250 credit for select Chase Travel Hotels: 
            - Get up to $250 in statement credits through 12/31/26 on prepaid Chase Travel hotel bookings for stays with IHG Hotels & Resorts, Montage Hotels & Resorts, Pendry Hotels & Resorts, Omni Hotels & Resorts, Virgin Hotels, Minor Hotels, and Pan Pacific Hotels and Resorts.
            - Two-night minimum required. Purchases that qualify will not earn points.

        $850+ in value with the Chase Sapphire Reserve Lounge Network: 
            - Enjoy complimentary access to Chase Sapphire Lounge by The ClubOpens in a new window and 1,300+ Priority PassTM airport lounges worldwide with up to two guests - valued at over $850 when you and your guests visit multiple times each year.
            - Please note, the Sapphire Lounge and Priority Pass Select benefits are not available for Employee Cardmembers. However, employees may access the lounges as guests of the Primary Cardmember.

        $500 credit for stays with The Edit: 
            - Our handpicked collection of hotels and resorts. Get up to $500 in automatic statement credits annually for bookings made with The Edit, with a maximum of $250 per transaction.
            - Two-night minimum required. Purchases that qualify will not earn points.

        $550+ in value when you stay with The Edit: 
            - Book your stay through The Edit by Chase Travel and receive complimentary benefits such as a property credit, daily breakfast for two, a room upgrade (if available) and more - an average total value of over $550 per stay.

        $120 Global Entry or TSA PreCheck or NEXUS fee credit: 
            - Receive one statement credit of up to $120 every four years as reimbursement for the application fee charged to your card.

        IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status: 
            - Get complimentary IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status with your Sapphire Reserve for Business card through 12/31/27.
            - Please note this benefit is not available for Employee Cardmembers.
    
    Business Benefits: 
        $200 Google Workspace credit: 
            - Get business tools that fuel innovation with Google Workspace. Tackle your biggest challenges and accelerate growth with a suite of easy-to-use tools for work. Get Google AI in Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Meet, NotebookLM and more, and earn up to $200 in annual statement credits on purchases made directly on Google Workspace.
            
        $400 ZipRecruiter credit: 
            - 4 out of 5 employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate in 1 day. Find yours and enjoy up to $400 in annual statement credits on purchases made directly with ZipRecruiter. 
            - You'll earn up to $200 in statement credits January through June and up to $200 in statement credits July through December.

        $120 Lyft credit: 
            - Lyft members get access to up to $10 in monthly in-app credits, up to $120 annually, to use on rides through 9/30/27.

        $420 DoorDash value: 
            - From ordering your team takeout to restocking your supplies, enjoy exclusive benefits from DoorDash.

        $120 DashPass membership: 
            - Get complimentary DashPass membership, a $120 value for 12 months. Enjoy $0 delivery fees and reduced service fees on eligible DoorDash orders when you activate by 12/31/27.

        $300 DoorDash promos: 
            - DashPass members get up to $25 each month to spend on DoorDash, which includes a $5 monthly promo to spend on restaurant orders and two $10 promos each month to save on groceries, retail orders, and more. Available through 12/31/27.

        $100 curated gift card credit: 
            - Earn up to $100 per year in statement credits when you purchase gift cards from a curated collection on giftcards.com/reservebusiness. 
            - You'll earn up to $50 in statement credits January through June and up to $50 July through December.

    Explore additional benefits: 
        Unlock top-tier benefits: 
            - Spend $120,000 each calendar year and unlock status and credits with leading travel and shopping brands. The benefits will be available for the remainder of the year in which they were earned and through the following year.
            – World of Hyatt Explorist status
            – Up to $500 in statement credits for The Shops at Chase
            – IHG One Rewards Diamond Elite status
            – Up to $500 in statement credits for Southwest Airlines flights booked through Chase Travel
            – Southwest Airlines Rapid Rewards A-List status

        Premium travel features: 
            Access our award-winning lounges: 
                Whether you're looking for pre-flight productivity or time to rest and recharge, enjoy access to our growing Chase Sapphire Lounge by The Club network, named Best Credit Card Lounge Network in 2026 by The Points Guy - with two complimentary guests.
                Plus, work uninterrupted around the world with access to 1,300+ airport lounges with your complimentary Priority Pass™ Select membership - with two complimentary guests.
                And get access to select Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges and Air Canada Cafés in the U.S., Canada and Europe with an eligible departing same day boarding pass on any Star Alliance member airline - with one complimentary guest.
                Please note, the Sapphire Lounge, Priority Pass Select, Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges and Air Canada Café benefits are not available for Employee Cardmembers. However, employees may access the lounges as guests of the Primary Cardmember.

            IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite Status: 
                Get complimentary IHG One Rewards Platinum Elite status with your Sapphire Reserve for Business card through 12/31/27.
                Please note this benefit is not available for Employee Cardmembers

            1:1 Point Transfer: 
                Enjoy a 1:1 points transfer to leading hotel and airline loyalty programs.
                You're covered with built-in benefits. Guide to Benefits Opens in a new window. (See your travel and purchase protection details)

            Auto Rental Coverage: 
                Decline the rental company’s collision insurance and charge the entire rental cost to your card. Coverage is primary when renting for business purposes and provides reimbursement up to $75,000 for theft and collision damage for most rental vehicles in the U.S. and abroad.Δ Same page link to disclaimer, ΔΔ Same page link to disclaimer

            Baggage Delay Insurance: 
                Reimburses you up to $100 a day for up to 5 days for essential purchases like toiletries and clothing when baggage is delayed over 6 hours.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Emergency Evacuation and Transportation: 
                If you or a covered traveler are injured or become sick during a trip 100 miles or more from home that results in an emergency evacuation, you can be covered for medical services and transportation up to $100,000.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Emergency Medical and Dental: 
                If you or an immediate family member become sick or injured while you’re 100 miles or more from home on a trip, you can be reimbursed up to $2,500 for medical expenses, subject to a $50 deductible.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Lost Luggage Reimbursement: 
                Provides reimbursement up to $3,000 per covered traveler for the cost to repair or replace checked or carry-on baggage that is lost, damaged or stolen during a covered trip.Δ Same page link to disclaimer, ΔΔ Same page link to disclaimer

            No Foreign Transaction Fees: 
                You will pay no foreign transaction fees when you use your card for purchases made outside of the United States.†

            Roadside Assistance: 
                If you have a roadside emergency, you can call for a tow, battery assistance, tire change, locksmith or gas. You’re covered up to $50 per incident 4 times a year.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Travel Accident Insurance: 
                When you pay for your air, bus, train or cruise transportation with your card, you are eligible to receive up to $1,000,000 in accidental death or dismemberment coverage.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Travel and Emergency Assistance: 
                If you run into a problem while traveling away from home, this benefit provides legal and medical referrals and access to other travel and emergency assistance services. (You will be responsible for the cost of any goods or services obtained.)Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Trip Cancellation and Interruption Insurance: 
                If your trip is canceled or cut short by sickness, severe weather or other covered situations, you can be reimbursed up to $10,000 per covered traveler and $20,000 per trip for your pre-paid, non-refundable travel expenses, including passenger fares, tours, and hotels.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Trip Delay Reimbursement: 
                If your common carrier travel is delayed more than 6 hours or requires an overnight stay, you are covered for unreimbursed expenses, such as meals and lodging, up to $500 per covered traveler.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Car Rental Benefits: 
                Use your Chase Visa Infinite card to unlock special car rental benefits.

            Avis: 
                Up to 30% off base rates on qualifying rentals on any size car at over 5,000 locations worldwide. Automatic enrollment into Preferred Plus, free weekend rentals and up to 10% off base rates on Select Series.

            Hertz: 
                Visa Infinite cardholders who are enrolled in Hertz Gold Plus Rewards can unlock additional car rental privileges with Hertz. Enjoy special savings, faster service, extra hours on returns for U.S. rentals and Hertz Gold Plus Rewards bonus points.

            National: 
                Up to 25% on qualifying rentals at participating locations (U.S., Canada, Latin America and Caribbean) and a complimentary Emerald Club Executive level membership. Eligible for free weekend day and one-class upgrade.

            Same page link to disclaimer reference Travel And Purchase Protection: These benefits are available when you use your card. Restrictions, limitations and exclusions apply. Most benefits are provided by unaffiliated companies who are solely responsible for the administration and claims. There are specific time limits and documentation requirements. For full coverage details, cardmembers can refer to their Guide to Benefits, provided after account opening, or call the number on the back of their card for assistance.

            Same page link to disclaimer reference Specific limitations apply to New York residents: Auto Rental Coverage – inside the United States coverage is secondary to your personal automobile insurance. Lost Luggage Reimbursement – additionally limited to $2,000 per bag and $10,000 for all covered travelers per trip.

        Account management: 
            Build your business credit: 
                As your business grows, you'll need access to more capital. With a business credit card, your business builds its own credit history.

            Employee travel: 
                Increased visibility into employee travel & accelerated earn on their spend via Chase Travel.

            Enjoy peace of mind: 
                Chase helps keep your accounts safe with account alerts. Choose the alerts you want and how you'd like to receive them.

            Employee cards at no additional cost: 
                Employee cards let you set individual spending limits and help you earn rewards even faster.

            Get insights into your business: 
                Chase Sapphire Reserve for Business gives you 24/7 access to view account details, quarterly reports, up to 24 months of statement details, and more.

            Manage your cash flow: 
                Make payments using a business credit card to hold onto your money longer.

            Separate business and personal expenses: 
                Easily track expenses and maintain records for tax reporting and other business needs. Integrate your credit card with bookkeeping software to simplify accounting.

            24/7 access to Customer Service Specialists: 
                Count on 24/7 access to a dedicated customer service specialist from anywhere in the world.

        Purchase Protection: 
            Purchase Protection: 
                Covers your eligible new purchases for 120 days from the date of purchase against damage or theft up to $10,000 per item.Δ Same page link to disclaimer, ΔΔ Same page link to disclaimer

            Return Protection:
                You can be reimbursed for eligible items that the store won't accept within 90 days of purchase, up to $500 per item, $1,000 per 12-month period.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Chip-enabled for enhanced security: 
                You’ll carry a credit card with an embedded chip that provides enhanced security and wider acceptance when you make purchases at chip-enabled card readers in the U.S. and abroad.

            Cell Phone Protection: 
                Get up to $1,000 per claim in cell phone protection against covered theft or damage for cell phones listed on your monthly cell phone bill when you pay it with your eligible credit card. Maximum of 3 claims in a 12-month period with a $100 deductible per claim.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            24/7 Fraud Monitoring: 
                We help safeguard your credit card purchases using sophisticated fraud monitoring. We monitor for fraud 24/7 and can text, email or call you if there are unusual purchases on your credit card.

            Zero liability protection: 
                You won’t be held responsible for unauthorized charges made with your card or account information. If you see an unauthorized charge, simply call the number on the back of your card.

            Extended Warranty Protection:
                Extends the time period of the manufacturer's U.S. warranty by an additional year, on eligible warranties of three years or less, up to four years from the date of purchase.Δ Same page link to disclaimer

            Same page link to disclaimer reference Travel And Purchase Protection: These benefits are available when you use your card. Restrictions, limitations and exclusions apply. Most benefits are provided by unaffiliated companies who are solely responsible for the administration and claims. There are specific time limits and documentation requirements. For full coverage details, cardmembers can refer to their Guide to Benefits, provided after account opening, or call the number on the back of their card for assistance.
            Same page link to disclaimer reference Specific limitations apply to New York residents: Purchase Protection – coverage period is 90 days from the date of purchase.

        Card Features: 
            A Pay in Full card with built-in flexibility when you need it: 
                Get the buying power you need to make large purchases, cover unexpected expenses and help your business grow. Your Sapphire Reserve for Business card comes built with two ways to access your credit line - Pay in Full and Flex for Business. While you must pay your Pay in Full balance each month, your Flex for Business balance can be paid over time with interest.
                Your purchases will automatically be included in your Flex for Business balance until you reach its limit. After that, any additional purchases will be charged to your Pay in Full balance.

            Visa Infinite Concierge: 
                Spend quality time with your clients without spending hours booking dining, entertainment, and travel. 24/7 assistance from Visa Infinite Concierge is at your service.

    Pricing Information: 
        Interest Rates and Interest Charges: 
            Flex for Business Annual Percentage Rate (APR): 
                - 17.74% to 28.49%, based on your creditworthiness and other factors. These APRs will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate.a

            Grace Period: 
                - Your due date will be a minimum of 20 days after the close of each billing cycle. We will not charge you interest on new Flex for Business purchases if you pay your entire balance by the due date each month.

            Minimum Interest Charge: None

        Fees: 
            Annual Membership Fee: $795

            Transaction Fees: 
                Cash Advances: Either $15 or 5% of the amount of each transaction, whichever is greater.
                Foreign Transactions: None

            Penalty Fees: 
                Late Payment: 
                    - $40 or 2% of the Minimum Payment Due, whichever is greater.

        How We Will Calculate Your Balance: We use the daily balance method (including new transactions).
        Prime Rate: Variable APRs are based on the 6.75% Prime Rate as of 2/3/2026.
        We add 10.99% to 21.74% to the Prime Rate to determine the Flex for Business APR. Maximum APR 29.99%.

